# *CC 15*
# Trees
- A Tree is a Data structure in which data items are connected using references in a hierarchical manner. Each Tree consists of a root node from which we can access each element of the tree. Starting from the root node, each node contains zero or more nodes connected to it as children.
- Parts of a Tree Data structure
A tree consists of a root node, leaf nodes and internal nodes. Each node is connected to its chile via a reference, which is called an edge. 

1- Root Node: Root node is the topmost node of a tree. It is always the first node created while creating the tree and we can access each element of the tree starting from the root node. 
2- Parent Node: The parent of any node is the node which references the current node. 
3- Child Node: Child nodes of a parent node are the nodes at which the parent node is pointing using the references. 
4- Edge: The reference through which a parent node is connected to a child node is called an edge. 
5- Leaf Node: These are those nodes in the tree which have no children. 
6- Internal Nodes: Internal Nodes are the nodes which have at least one child. 

- A binary tree is a tree data structure in which each node can have a maximum of 2 children.  It means that each node in a binary tree can have either one, or two or no children. Each node in a binary tree contains data and references to its children. Both the children are named as left child and the right child according to their position.

## Challenge
- Implementation of tree and binary tree
- for tree class --> 3 traverse methods for the depth search approach was applied to it `in-order , pre-order , post-order`
- for binary tree class --> Add method to add a node in correct location to stay a binary tree and contain method to check if an value is in the tree or not were applied
## Approach & Efficiency
*traverse  , add and search -->*
- time complexity of O(log(n) 
- space O(n)


## API
1 - PreOrder traversal\
- In Pre-Order tree traversal, the root data is accessed as soon as the root is visited. After the root data is accessed, the left child of the root node is visited and then the right child.\
 `Print node’s data -> Visit Left_Child_Of_Node -> Visit Right_Child_Of_Node.`\
2- InOrder Traversal
- In In-Order tree traversal, the left child of a node is visited first, followed by the data of the node and then the right child of the node.\
`Left_Child_Of_Node -> Print node’s data -> Visit Right_Child_Of_Node.`\
3-  PostOrder Traversal
 - In Post-Order tree traversal, the left child of a node is visited first, then the right child of the node followed by the data of the node.\
 `Left_Child_Of_Node -> Visit Right_Child_Of_Node -> Print node’s data`
4-  Contains
-traverse the tree from the root recursivly , if the target value equal to the value stored in the root return True, if it is larger traverse the right subtree else travere the left subtree 
5- Add 
- in add we traverse the tree at the same procedure as Contains method but by iteration. when we reach the leaf node we make it a parent to the new node, appened to right or left is baed on the value stored in the new node.

- [x] Binary Tree Class
- [x] Traverse - In order
- [x] Traverse - pre order
- [x] Traverse - post order
- [x] Binary Search Tree Class
- [x] Add 'insert'
- [x] contains